[workers] update wrangler dev docs for v3 (#8985)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/commands.md

- `--remote` {{<type>}}boolean{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}(default: false){{</prop-meta>}}
  - Develop against remote resources and data stored on Cloudflare's network.
- `--test-scheduled` {{<type>}}boolean{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}(default: false){{</prop-meta>}}
  - Exposes a `/__scheduled` fetch route which will trigger a scheduled event (cron trigger) for testing during development. To simulate different cron patterns, a `cron` query parameter can be passed in: `/__scheduled?cron=*+*+*+*+*`.
- `--log-level` {{<type>}}"debug"|"info"|"log"|"warn"|"error"|"none"{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}(default: log){{</prop-meta>}}
  - Specify Wrangler's logging level.

{{</definitions>}}

```sh
~/my-worker $ wrangler dev
⬣ Listening at http://localhost:8787
╭──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ [b] open a browser, [d] open Devtools, [l] turn on local mode, [c] clear console, [x] to exit                        │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
```

> `wrangler dev` is a way to easily test your Worker while developing. With `wrangler dev` running, you can send HTTP requests to `localhost:8787` and your Worker should execute as expected. You will also see `console.log` messages and exceptions appearing in your terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`wrangler dev` is a way to locally test your Worker while developing. With `wrangler dev` running, send HTTP requests to `localhost:8787` and your Worker should execute as expected. You will also see `console.log` messages and exceptions appearing in your terminal.
```
